People often say that there are many different colors and shades to life, meaning that life is a chronicle of various occasions, occasions which may bring joy, sorrow, anger, whatever feeling you name. In that sense, life revolves around events, events which evoke our feelings, events which make us take certain procedures, and events which determine if our lives were a success or downright failure. That certainly is bizarre - it is hard, if not impossible, to associate colors with specific events. What color comes to mind when you recall your graduation from high school? Blue? Yellow? How about the color you associate with the death of your pet? Choices for such questions are mostly inexplicable.

What then shapes our lives? If we are willing to free ourselves from the cell we have locked ourselves in and do away with our contorted paradigms, we will find that it is actually emotions on which our lives are centered. Whenever something happens, certain emotions are triggered. These emotions give rise to our actions, which in turn have their own repercussions. Going back to our discussion on colors, it cannot be easier coupling feelings with their more abstract color counterparts. For instance, anger is always linked with red, while green represents envy and jealousy. If such association between colors and feelings is so intuitional, almost natural to us, surely emotions must play an integral role in our lives. That is definitely true, as our feelings do influence our actions and our decisions, which then form whatever outcome there is to be after the process.

_The artist first lays out a blank sheet of canvas on an easel and prepares his palette with a mixture of colors of different hues, saturations and luminosities. Sitting himself comfortably on a wooden stool, brush in hand, ready to paint the first stroke, he suddenly stops._

"Don't paint bit by bit, but paint everything at once by placing tones everywhere, with brushstrokes of the right color and value, while noticing what is alongside. Use small brushstrokes and try to put down your perceptions immediately. The eye should not be fixed on one spot, but should take in everything, while observing the reflections which the colors produce on their surroundings." Camille Picasso sure disregards inadequate planning. Many people make the mistake of painting impulsively without giving any thought as to what they actually wish to paint. The result of such caprices - once the drive is gone, they soon find themselves stuck with a half-done picture with which they have no idea how to complete. Similarly, diving headfirst into important decisions in life will end one up with several unlinked islands of assorted colors in a sea of white, a waste of both time and effort. Rather, we should first consider what we want to paint, and what colors we want to use in the picture, planning our goals in life, and then embark on achieving them.

_After a few minutes, the artist decides to paint a landscape scene. He adds small strokes here and there as mental notes to guide him in his painting later. Among the colors on his palette are Prussian blue, vermillion and ochre yellow - all opposing colors. In order to make the colors harmonious, he has to make use of color theory._
 
There are many colors in a palette just like there are many colors to life. Some colors are strong and vibrant, while others may be cool and placid. However, too much of a specific color by itself will result in a static and unattractive piece, regardless of the color's iridescence and intensity. We need to add and mix combinations of different colors in order for them to have their desired effect. Likewise, we cannot have too much of any one thing in life, it will disorientate us. For example, too much time spent watching television and playing games makes one lazy and inept, but being a workaholic is also unhealthy. What we need is a balanced mixture of different colors to complement each other. We devote larger blocks of time to what we need to do, assign smaller blocks to what we want to do, while not forgetting other musts like exercise and family time. It is here that we apply color theory to help us blend the hues of various colors into one harmonious picture.

_Halfway whilst painting, he accidentally dabs the paintbrush too hard, resulting in a huge disfiguring blotch of red in the middle of the picture. His lips bend to form a frown._

It is ineludible that we face some less-than-happy moments or phases in life. During these periods, the world around us seems to darken into blackness. Even when we think nothing can be worse, we are more than likely to be dealt with yet another blow. The colors and shades on the canvas shriek and scream, tearing apart what tranquility was there before. The serene landscape we have been painting turns into a dark and horrifying mural threatening to harm us. We believe that everything is gone.

_Not wanting to let that flaw ruin the picture, the artist resolves to use that blotch to beautify the existing picture. Skilfully, he applies a few quick brushstrokes of complementary hues over the blotch. Just like that, he transforms the blemish into one of the painting's finer features - a burning ball of fire we know to be the sun._

But all of that is only an exaggerated mental projection of our fears and minor problems we encounter. It is still up to us whether we want to attenuate such tarnishing, or let the blemishes remain and tarnish the whole picture. Most people will try to make the blotch more pleasant by adding complementary tones near it, mitigating the discoloring done. However, that blotch of discolored paint will still remain a blemish, only that it's smaller. We can try to hide from our problems and deceive ourselves that all is well, but in reality the problems are still there. A color by itself will always remain the same, but when mixed with other colors, we can produce a different color, one which enriches the feel of the picture. Similarly, we should view our problems not as quandaries but instead as opportunities, opportunities for us to better ourselves and our lives. It is this type of art produced from originally blemishing taints which fully extols one's artistic flair.

_Most of the picture has been completed, the pigments and shades. It is now the time for the artist to apply the finishing touches._

Life is essentially a portrait of colors and their mixtures. From the very minute we were born, the canvas was already there laid out for us, so that we may paint whatever we wish on it. As time passes, we apply different strokes and fills, which may act to enhance the painting, or conversely, to sully the picture.This goes on for a period of time until we finally fill up the whole canvas.Then, we will leave for others to look at our completed work, and to either admire or scorn at it. For some, the final picture produced may be a stunning masterpiece attracting crowds, while for others it is an outright disaster, a piece that is soon forgotten. Whatever the result, the picture is still the painter's creation, and the criticism it receives is rightly the painter's as well. So why paint an ugly picture that you yourself find repulsive, when you can always paint a beautiful piece of art?

_The artist is finally done. He gets up from his seat and takes an evaluative look at the completed picture. He smiles._