A sigh of shower,  
Upon my retreat,  
Feasting away at wounds that sear.  
Succumbed yet flogged,  
Buried and dragged,  
Judgment for the first wrong I face.  
Weary for rest while in ligature,  
To cower my mind with fear.  
A longing forlorn,  
Drained in flood,  
Etch in this moment,  
Drink this dreg.  

I was vile they painted,  
Devoid of faith,  
Clad in a cursed mask since birth.  
A handsome reward,  
Decrepit of sin,  
Go to rest in ashes.  
I was taken away from my bride,  
A sickly bestowed the loss.  
Labeled a pariah,  
Hand-shed blood,  
These waters only feed the fire.  

They rush,  
Riding in the embers.  
Damned flush,  
Burning in my eyes.  

All the graces fade away,  
All the spirits urged demise.  

An outcast,  
From darkness forged behind.  
Shed the wishes,  
And rewrote the day I was formed.  
No mercy would be seen here,  
The rage.  
In the burning rain, nothing is the same.  

Ghost in the ashes,  
I pledged myself to no one.  
Seethed and spiteful,  
Vowed to make shudder at the sound of my name.  

All who remember me  
Will fear of me.  

Peace, grace, joy, love,  
Were preached all of this.  
Pain, vice, hate, strife,   
I found all of this.  
Blame, shame, shun, scourge,  
What went all amiss?  

Death is the one truth and the light,  
Trust not in your sight.  
Heaven is the one behind all the frights,  
The one who brought the night.  
Labeled scourge because of the blight,  
Scorned at for our plight.  
Judged by those on seats of soaring heights,  
Clothed themselves as knights.  
Blame fell not on those with the might,  
Veiled the fight of right.  

There is no forgiveness in these eyes  
For any of you, not one.  
Dispel the myths for now,  
Salvation is the reason why I've come.  

Renounced heaven no welcome here,  
Struggled on prevailed through shame sheer.  
Vows still bound to though without cheer,  
Purge the earth of all the veneer.  

Struck out without look,  
Disavowed of what once stood,  
Grief and misery  
Delivered me unto the pain.  

Why was I deemed blasphemy,  
Strove but forfend tragedy?  
Was this but my destiny,  
Remembered with enmity?  

Will torn asunder  
Thoughts dove through plunder.  
Dark put all under  
Machinations of war.  

Putrid  
Waters that fill up the pyre.  
Abysm in my hands.  
The saint  
Tore  
At  
Robes.  
Mission of stone,  
The kindred,  
The sane.  

Holy host of the esper  
Dancing swiftly through the war.  
This revere,  
Watershed,  
Distance of anger's roar.  

If you remember me,  
You'll fear of me.  
You'll never leave me to  
A fate with you.