Come behold  
Harbinger of judgment of ones who never fold  
All grow bold  
In the presence of the dead the lost foretold.  

For your sake  
Weighed down by riches that these mummers partake  
Put up stakes  
From the unworthy will life always forsake  

Mind of lust  
After nature's folly what brings value to trust  
Ash to dust  
Eroding away...  

Bear with me,  
The light is coming  
To burn you in hell.  

Stay with me,  
The voice is soothing  
A cursed tale to tell.  

A flaming desolate death  
Everything is lost  
Darkness rivals your fortune  
The maker of night  
Do not receive  
You keep the devil close at hand  

And you saw nothing  
/Saw a vision, one that is fleeting  
/Fulfilled a duty they disdain  
False world drowned in your head  
/Passed my judgment, one that is fitting  
/Death is mercy dealt by my hand  
The weak cry a lamentation  
/Behead the serpent, heart that is beating,  
/Uproot the vice and put to end  
Before merging in with their graves  
/Screams that cry from one that is sitting  
/Labor in torture, none to tend  

Demon  
Sin has made you fall  
Demon  
Damnation by all  

Demon  
Sacrilege they call  
Demon  
Exiled outside walls  

Prostrate before mother's breath  
Devoured, sweeping her closer  
Divine diminishes  
Forging one dance in the wild  
I shed these fears  
In tears for all eternity  
Take your ground  
And face me for the first sin  

I am yours  
Draw the line  
Rain that pours  
Drowns the vine  

Come forth and sever ties  

Hope for  
The rain  
That feeds  
The grain  

Embrace  
The pain  
That paves  
The gain  

Bequeath  
The chain  
That holds  
The slain  

Discern  
The lain  
That loathes  
The fain  

Unveil  
The plain  
That lies  
The strain  

Behold  
The stain  
That brands  
The vain  

The acts of fools they doth warrant.  

Run away, run away,  
I'm insane.  
Run away, run away,  
I'm inane.  

Run away, run away,  
You're mundane.  
Run away, run away,  
You're profane.  

Just one second,  
The world was torn to nothing.  
Love's fragrance worth not praising in stale air.  
The day came to an end,  
And you had lost in me all credence.  

Die with me  
Blasphemy  
Follow me  
Tragedy  

Promise me  
Destiny  
Come with me  
Travesty  

Believe me  
Fallacy  
Bear with me  
Amnesty  

Release me  
Malady  
Forgive me  
Enmity  

Compose me  
Eulogy  
Forget me  
Vanity  

Anguishing  
Endlessly  
Let me be  
Gladly free