**Dreams, Pt. 1**  

Like a swallow  
Soaring gaily  
It was a dream  
Beatitude daily  

There once was such a day  
When I would play  
Under trees which  
Would gently sway  

There once was such a day  
In all youth and vigor  
Like a victor  
Smiling I'd lay  

Bliss  

You  
Embraced me  
Kissed me  
Healed me  
Of my infirmities  

I  
shielded you  
held you  
nursed you  
Through your grievances  

Grief  

Then came another day  
I fell  
The hell  
That befell  

Then came another day  
I bore  
Walked on  
For you dear  

Then came another day  
I fought  
For naught  
With woe fraught  

Then came another day  
I learnt  
You left  
For your dreams  

How did it happen?  

Reminisce  
Memories  
Of that fateful day  

Let us join hands and  
Look upwards  
I promised you  
We'll withstand  
All calamity  
And build our dream  

Let me stand up and  
Brave the day  
I'll hold your hand  
Pull you through  
All calamity  
And build our dream  

Broken seam  
Our gleam  
After ream  
Dried up stream  

  
**Dreams Pt. 2**  

Why  
Why did you love?  
None that I deserve  

Why  
Why did you die?  
When all else defy  

Why  
Why couldn't I follow?  
What made you furrow?  
Can the dark glow?  

Why  
Why couldn't I try?  
What made you cry?  
Can tears run dry?  

The dusk sets in.  

That was the day  
I looked inside me  
That was the day  
I lost all my glee  
That was the day  
I saw what could be  
That was the day  
I wanted to flee  

  
That was the day  
I raised the veil thin  
That was the day  
I learnt how wheels spin  
That was the day  
I was marked with sin  
That was the day  
I was without kin  

Crumbling within  

Then came the day  
I fell to the ground  
Then came the day  
I wept without sound  
Then came the day  
I cut myself round  
Then came the day  
I set like dusts mound  

Collapsed within  

Then came a day  
I thought how all end  
Then came a day  
I learnt to contend  
Then came a day  
I put down my hand  
Then came a day  
I let up defend  

Resting within  

Then came a day  
I was past demise  
Then came a day  
I came to realize  
Then came a day  
I let go despise  
Then came a day  
I could see sunrise  

Woken within  

Then came the day  
I reduced my pace  
Then came the day  
I finished my race  
Then came the day  
I bowed out with grace  
Then came the day  
I found my place  

Dawn breaks  

  
**Dreams, Pt. 3**  

Woke at a bay  
Greeted day  
With warm ray  
And sea splay  
As  

Breeze took my hand  
Helped me stand  
On smooth sand  
Scene one grand  
And  

Turn the page onto a new  
Chapter till  
Glad to view  
Picturesque life still  
Yet found so few  
Had blanks to fill  
Scenes eschew  
What would will  
Be anew  

Opened my eyes once weary  
And dreary  
From lacked sleep  
Sunrise peep  
From cliffs steep  
Vistas sweep  
As creeks seep  
Wish to keep  

Stood gazing at a sea so vast  
One could ask  
Where to cast  
Down yoke and bask  

Walked across the beaches and the shores as I was  

(I'm trying)  

Crying  
Sighing  
Trying  
Vying  
Flagging  
Limping  
Bleeding  
Falling  

Pacing  
Thinking  
Mulling  
Weighing  

(It is sinful)  

Hoping  
Trusting  
Praying  
Wishing  

Pausing  
Straddling  
Doubting  
Wond'ring  
Counting  
Deeming  
Coaxing  
Choosing  

Stopped midway and thought deep about how I was  

(It's like a dream)  

Living  
Plodding  
Fighting  
Aching  
Toiling  
Drudging  
Ailing  
(Always) Fading  

Passing  
Lasting  
Wanting  
Stalling  

(Unwoven seam)  

Dwindling  
Wasting  
Ebbing  
Wilting  

Longing  
Yearning  
Glimpsing  
Fleeting  
Turning  
Greeting  
Waving  
Smiling  

Made my mind and stepped away from shore as I was  

(I'm dying)  

Trembling  
Stifling  
Jarring  
Shiv'ring  
Quaking  
Whelming  
Stifling  
Plunging  

Bracing  
Holding  
Girding  
Waiting  

(It is blissful)  

Pushing  
Forcing  
Biding  
Ending  

Standing  
Gasping  
Flinching  
Choking  
Sinking  
Tearing  
Slumping  
Setting  

Reached my place of rest at last and my mind kept  

(Drowning the screams)  

Rushing  
Flooding  
Surging  
Racing  
Throbbing  
Flashing  
Jolting  
(Kept) Spasming  

Scrambling  
Stinging  
Stabbing  
Bursting  

(I want to dream)  

Slowing  
Easing  
Laxing  
Swimming  

Floating  
Lifting  
Soothing  
Calming  
Lulling  
Flying  
Soaring  
Dreaming  

(So let me dream)  

**Dreams, Pt. 4**  

Yet another  
Day is over  
Dawn is coming  
Robins singing  

Faded the frights  
Changed has the sight  
Bask in sunlight  
Welcome delight  

(I want to dream)  

No one ever  
Saw such beauty  
Bliss forever  
Without duty  

Turn the pages  
Seek heights above  
No adages  
Just a new love  

(I am in a dream)  
(At last)  

In bliss  

And destiny  

Surely  

Epiphany  

I am  
Flying freely  
Keep me  
Dreaming  

(Like a bluebird  
One without gird  
Like a swallow  
Flow where winds blow)